So our project title is Java elaborate system.
So we are going to build one e-library system with some logging methods for students, and I'd also
like for the librarian to create an E library, which includes some been part or some GSP part also.
So we are mainly focused on e-library management with Java, so you can develop with other languages.
Also left Python.
We have a giant Golden Flask console.
Then we have BHP also.
But the way we are deploying the Java because it's really fast again, it's easy to handle and with
Julie and Java.
So it's very useful.
Like they created this thing different than for the back anything different.
So we can define both things very significantly.
So our project is Java 11 resisting.
So this project is based on GDC Java Database Connection, GSP, Java Servlet Pages, Java Servlet,
which used to create some database connection to just being on things and with the server deployment.
So GCP, I'm going to tell how it will work, but let us see what is our requirements and all our nervous
system.
So what this system?
Project Aim is basically develop a Web app using Java for elaborate platform with the help of Java Servlet,
GSP and Giudice.
So I'm not considering your server part because server is by industry for deployment and everything.
You can use different deployment servers or the local hosting.
I'm showing your glass office server, but for on online web deployments, you can use different platforms
like Heroku app on often.
Use this, or you can use Google Cloud platform also to deploy your server or so Heroku app needs or
PostgreSQL for their deployment.
But I'm using here Oracle database.
You can easily shift towards MySQL, all the queries are seen and all the things that seem.
So steps of overdevelopment is basically projected of understanding different rules we are going to
use.
Just be basics, basics of database, Java servlet and utility connection and deployment on the server.
So before proceeding with our former system and everything, it is explaining how we can set up.
Let us understand how we can set up our project.
So I'm using your ID as the elite NetBeans, which is very popular and Open-Source.
Oh, I'm closing this panel also, so due to my previous project, let us create a new project with
to failure.
Got new project.
Once this is done.
I need to earn.
More things here.
Likewise, you can see here new project team.
I have to add this.
This is my new project.
As you can see.
So go to Java Web, Java and Web application mechanics next.
Then I'm giving the name as E name.
Yeah, we.
As you can see, elected.
Well, let me maximize this part.
OK, hope you can see this.
OK.
Then I'm going to click next.
Choose your glasses.
Using event next.
I don't want to use anything you finish.
So it will take time to load everything.
So.
Now you can see it my this is my old.
Forget about it, ignorable, this so elaborate is my main project you.
So let me add some libraries here first, as you can see, these are great libraries, but I want to
add some jot of folder here.
So let me add one jar folder.
So what is the Jar folder basically is, oh, nothing, but I'm going to add or jar folder here.
Java, I want to turn to the database.
I will tell you about that, but also let me add my Java.
If you are JDK, one point eight is not consist Java X file, it will argue error by replacing everything.
So we'll do 1.8 times on this and the library.
All.
So let's find out where you stored your Java phones.
So be the Java is not to destroy their mining with absolute but.
For now, if I lose, I really.
As you can see.
My file is original.
Oh, so.
Let me do this, so this is my individual testimony.
So consider this as index one.
Nothing more.
Let me tell you something more about this.
So what is the individual?
Additionally, there is a linkage.
So if you want to make your system is running or not, click here, then go to plan and build.
If your window is not opening your output window, go to window here.
You can use control for room, but I'm using your button.
It can down here because like this.
And you can see this is.
US run this project with us.
So this for first time, so I'm just running this for the first time.
Everything is running or not.
I'm going to use your some default bootstrap template.
Also, some default cases and just be use also not default JavaScript files and a thesis.
These are some already created templates, so I don't want to focus on that part.
I just want to focus on Java part here.
So I'm going to let us.
Our project is running on not.
So it will take time for running.
Two to three minutes it will take.
So.
Now you can see my project is running and you're trying to do radar content.
So this is nothing but you just wrote your team.
So my deployment is.
I'm going to close this all things.
I'm going to close my browser also because you haven't written anything.
So in the next role, I will tell you how we can deploy this.
But before that, let us learn which tools we are going to use and what is the significance of these
tools.
So as I told you, we are going to use jsp, our solar and utility.
So our application requirements, these basically are some more important part.
So.
What is this basically so.
We are going to use some school statements, we are going to use some logging statements and everything,
so let us see what we are doing.
So our application requirements is a Java program to display web contents Java program.
You should have some basic concepts of skill also, you should know about the stimulant users.
I'm not going to explain each and every tag here initiative and.
I'm using your bootstrap automated you.
So we need to have one Web site to eliminate logging as admin or log in as a student admin librarian
or I'm considering admin administration actions like AdBlock, something which student should have to
register and log in books, submit anything that park your library?
I'm going to tell you that further than JDK 1.8 we need.
If I'm going to be using it means you can use any I.D. Java, Egerton interpretation, wasn't it Oracle
or my school database server said don't get to remember for the server deployment.
You should get.
If you're bored with it and if it's already occupied by my SQL server or Oracle database server, you
have in the last few server either or your book Oracle database.
Also, my recommendation is to change blast, which server port because it's easy.
And Oracle data maintained Oracle database with AT&T Portal always establishing water, basically.
So it will be helpful.
So let us see what is basically Java solids.
So if you know the Java solid parts earlier, it is going to be easy.
So Java so is an API that provides many interfaces and classes.
So let's access it.
Interfaces and classes both.
So it is primary technology to build and create application on the Solaris.
Different pro steps are used now.
Spring, then hibernate.
Also providing so solid is an interface that must be implemented affordable, creating on any solid,
so solid it acts as an interface for creating any web or anything.
And so it is a class that extends the capabilities of servers.
These forms to the incoming request and etc. things.
Now, what is solid is Web component that deployed on the server part.
So as I told you, if we is a client or we can say to the network part while deploying all things,
but the Java solids are mainly deployed and that pages Java pages are stored in the server part.
So in this example, our system is only a client and server access.
But what computer?
There are two computers or you can say, tremendous, huge network of some school or university and
know all the servers.
What are we going to all the claims connected to the ones that were so for all e-library management
system?
The main logic in the solar Java logic is stored in a server side only, so it will act as a request
and response for every server for that purpose.
So like Ireland, book and ET things for all logic, logical thinking.
So this is all about the servers and servers are mainly so let's all mean you're running on server,
which depends on the request and response from the client.
So firstly, client request server for something information.
I want to fetch the data from this database.
I want to put this in to the database.
So these are all kinds of request responses generated at Runtime Lake in this server, if a request
is server, will do something and the response will be generated so that response can be written.
That book is added to the database.
That part or request can be, or you can see that party's book is issued for that student.
So this is all about how the solar term, so why so late we are using here so you can use normal things
on CGI, which is basically written in all or anything?
Well, C or C++ or languages, but why we are not using this because it creates some O processes, we
can see the common gateway interface.
It creates processes.
So it's exercise multiprocessing.
So so what are limiter for some amount of processes more than than processes, consider one server which
computing capacity is only considering a hundred processes.
So one client would want each other.
We can say when Glenn would file request so that request conversion to the process and that process
comes through the server.
So for each client, if it's creating for you and or server can handle only.
So it's very difficult.
Only 20 claims can be used, but you know, so little pass.
What's happening?
Java itself creates solids or requests into training, so trading consist more number of processes.
Also, training includes some trade law.
Also then we have known that trading hails from own time, complexity things, so it will be very easy
for a server to handle that processes step by step.
So now we know you are clear with why we are using so, so many parties over GCP, but Java solids are
used to create a database connection and everything.
So there are this badgering, so let's said that will do better than the thing like request dispatcher
in JSP.
Remember, this does not consist any request dispatcher.
It requires dispatch it is for is providing some interface this facility for anticipating a request
from one source to another source like one issue you will do, another issue will once again lead to
another subject.
So it consists forward and include methods forward for forwarding that including means, including the
same.
But so these all of these things.
So you understand throughout this diagram.
So it is very easy to consider this.
All part.
So this is all about the solid, so solid of three important parts estimates usages for front end Java
solid program with back in part and logical matter to back end, even basically connecting front to
the database.
So we need some Java logic like put this parameter to this rule.
Would this second by second rule like that?
We want to write the logic.
Logic is very easy.
And there are some default useful statements we are going to use.
It will be similar to control for a little bit.
So now we know that one in digital stimuli is added to the.
Index Dot Dollar, which is with each of us, but we know that, but our ID or our float doesn't know
that we have to add so controlled flow whereby we check for the controlled flow of our web, everything
and we would all take similar basically any Jake or which linking parties linked to that particular
part.
If not, it will add some dependencies also.
So we've said ill will take care of all the connection and everything.
So in further part, we are going to learn how we can create GSP or we can set up our project, so in
next to do it, I'm going to tell our project, but we don't take traditional development.
And over fully developed solid.